Fusion content (#7794)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-bigquery.md

sidebar_label: "Connect BigQuery"
---

## Required permission

> BigQuery with dbt Fusion engine also requires users to have the following permission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigQuery with <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> also requires users to have the following permission:
```
